home.md, before:

# The b-it-bots wiki

[[_TOC_]]

Do you want to document a new feature? Have you found something that can be improved? Click [here](CONTRIBUTING) for instructions how to edit the wiki.

If you want to join the b-it-bots please follow [this](joining) instructions.
[Team Members](team)  

## Development
### Conventions
* Coding conventions
    * [ROS](/development/conventions/coding/ROS)
    * [C++](/development/conventions/coding/cpp)
    * [Python](/development/conventions/coding/python)
* [Agile Development](/development/conventions/agile-development/agile-development)
* [Git branching model](/development/conventions/git/git-branching-model)
* [Linters](/development/conventions/linters/linters)
* [Testing](/development/conventions/testing/testing)

### Setup
- [Getting started](development/setup/getting-started)
    * [Tutorials](development/setup/tutorials)
- [Setup stable repository](development/setup/setup-stable)
- [Aliases](development/setup/aliases)
- [Tips](development/setup/tips)

### [Toolkit](development/toolkit/tools)

* [Linux](development/toolkit/linux/linux)
    * [Terminator](development/toolkit/tools#terminator)
    * [Tmux](development/toolkit/linux/tmux/tmux)
    * [i3](development/toolkit/tools#i3)
* [git](development/toolkit/git/git)
* Editors
    * [atom](development/toolkit/editors/atom/atom)
    * [vim](development/toolkit/editors/vim/vim)
* Languages and Frameworks
    * [C++](development/toolkit/languages_and_frameworks/cpp/cpp)
    * [Python](development/toolkit/languages_and_frameworks/python/python)
    * [ROS](development/toolkit/languages_and_frameworks/ros/ros)
        * [actionlib](development/toolkit/languages_and_frameworks/ros/actionlib)
        * [smach](development/toolkit/languages_and_frameworks/ros/smach)
* [cmake](development/toolkit/cmake/cmake)

## Documentation
To be indexed....

## Guides
- [Perception](/guides/domains/perception/perception)
  - [Object perception](/guides/domains/perception/object-perception)
- [Manipulation](/guides/domains/manipulation/manipulation)
- [Speech Recognition](/guides/domains/speech/speech)
- [Navigation](/guides/domains/navigation/navigation)
  - Mapping
    - [Mapping @home](/guides/domains/navigation/mapping-athome)
  - Navigation
    - [Navigation @home](/guides/domains/navigation/navigation-athome)
- [Planning](/guides/domains/planning/planning)

## Robots
### Jenny
* [Getting to know Jenny](/guides/robots/jenny/getting-to-know-jenny)
* [Remotely accessing Jenny](/guides/robots/jenny/working-on-jenny)
    * [Configuring your ssh keys](/guides/robots/jenny/working-on-jenny)
* [Initializing Jenny](/guides/robots/jenny/how-to-start-jenny)
* [Turning Jenny on and off](/guides/robots/jenny/turning-jenny-on-and-off)

### youBot

## [Research](research/research)


## [Templates](templates/templates)
To be indexed...

## Resources
* Rulebooks
* Tutorials

Commit message:

Split initial setup and running MAS software

home.md, after:

# The b-it-bots wiki

[[_TOC_]]

Do you want to document a new feature? Have you found something that can be improved? Click [here](CONTRIBUTING) for instructions how to edit the wiki.

If you want to join the b-it-bots please follow [this](joining) instructions.
[Team Members](team)  

## Development
### Conventions
* Coding conventions
    * [ROS](/development/conventions/coding/ROS)
    * [C++](/development/conventions/coding/cpp)
    * [Python](/development/conventions/coding/python)
* [Agile Development](/development/conventions/agile-development/agile-development)
* [Git branching model](/development/conventions/git/git-branching-model)
* [Linters](/development/conventions/linters/linters)
* [Testing](/development/conventions/testing/testing)

### Setup
- [Getting started](development/setup/getting-started)
    * [Running MAS Software](/development/setup/running-mas-software.md)
    * [Tutorials](development/setup/tutorials)
- [Aliases](development/setup/aliases)
- [Tips](development/setup/tips)
#### For the robots (Advanced)
- [Setup a stable repository](/development/setup/setup-stable)  
Note: This is for advanced users only. If you are only starting, please use the steps listed under [setup](/home#setup).

### [Toolkit](development/toolkit/tools)

* [Linux](development/toolkit/linux/linux)
    * [Terminator](development/toolkit/tools#terminator)
    * [Tmux](development/toolkit/linux/tmux/tmux)
    * [i3](development/toolkit/tools#i3)
* [git](development/toolkit/git/git)
* Editors
    * [atom](development/toolkit/editors/atom/atom)
    * [vim](development/toolkit/editors/vim/vim)
* Languages and Frameworks
    * [C++](development/toolkit/languages_and_frameworks/cpp/cpp)
    * [Python](development/toolkit/languages_and_frameworks/python/python)
    * [ROS](development/toolkit/languages_and_frameworks/ros/ros)
        * [actionlib](development/toolkit/languages_and_frameworks/ros/actionlib)
        * [smach](development/toolkit/languages_and_frameworks/ros/smach)
* [cmake](development/toolkit/cmake/cmake)

## Documentation
To be indexed....

## Guides
- [Perception](/guides/domains/perception/perception)
  - [Object perception](/guides/domains/perception/object-perception)
- [Manipulation](/guides/domains/manipulation/manipulation)
- [Speech Recognition](/guides/domains/speech/speech)
- [Navigation](/guides/domains/navigation/navigation)
  - Mapping
    - [Mapping @home](/guides/domains/navigation/mapping-athome)
  - Navigation
    - [Navigation @home](/guides/domains/navigation/navigation-athome)
- [Planning](/guides/domains/planning/planning)

## Robots
### Jenny
* [Getting to know Jenny](/guides/robots/jenny/getting-to-know-jenny)
* [Remotely accessing Jenny](/guides/robots/jenny/working-on-jenny)
    * [Configuring your ssh keys](/guides/robots/jenny/working-on-jenny)
* [Initializing Jenny](/guides/robots/jenny/how-to-start-jenny)
* [Turning Jenny on and off](/guides/robots/jenny/turning-jenny-on-and-off)

### youBot

## [Research](research/research)


## [Templates](templates/templates)
To be indexed...

## Resources
* Rulebooks
* Tutorials
