guides/robots/jenny/use-ssh-without-password.md, before:

# GitGate

# Workstation

In order to adjust the settings to all PCs on Jenny, you need at least four terminals open in your laptop.

## Overview
1. Generate a ssh key in your workstation.
2. Look at the [Aliases](development/setup/aliases) section.
3. Connect via ssh to each of the PCs by using `cob1`, `cob2`, `cob3`.
4. Create on each PC in directory _~/.ssh/_ a file called _authorized_keys_.
5. Copy the public part of your ssh key into the authorized_keys-file of each PC.

### 1. Generate a ssh key in your workstation
```bash
$ ssh-keygen -t rsa
```

### 2. Look at the [Aliases](development/setup/aliases) section

### 3. Connect via ssh to each of the PCs by using `cob1`, `cob2`, `cob3`

### 4. Create _authorized\_keys_-files
Execute in each of the PCs the following code in order to create the _authorized\_keys_-file at the right place.
```bash
$ touch ~/.ssh/authorized_keys
```

### 5. Copy the public part of your ssh key into authorized_keys-files of each PC

Being in the terminal of your workstation execute the following lines of code (**Note: _username_ needs to be replaced by your own username**).
After each line you will need to enter your individual password one last time.

```bash
$ scp ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub username@cob3-1-pc1:~/.ssh/authorized_keys

$ scp ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub username@cob3-1-pc2:~/.ssh/authorized_keys

$ scp ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub username@cob3-1-pc3:~/.ssh/authorized_keys
```

# See also
* [Aliases](development/setup/aliases)

Commit message:

Adds section explaining how to set up ssh-keys to use it without entering passwords. Fixes link in working-on-jenny. The Link leads to use-ssh-without-password section.

guides/robots/jenny/use-ssh-without-password.md, after:

# Connect to Jenny via ssh without entering a password

In order to adjust the settings to all PCs on Jenny, you need at least four terminals open in your laptop.

## Overview
1. Generate a ssh key in your workstation.
2. Look at the [Aliases](development/setup/aliases) section.
3. Connect via ssh to each of the PCs by using `cob1`, `cob2`, `cob3`.
4. Create on each PC in directory _~/.ssh/_ a file called _authorized_keys_.
5. Copy the public part of your ssh key into the authorized_keys-file of each PC.
6. Copy the public part of each PC (`cob1`, `cob2` and `cob3`) to the other PCs.

### 1. Generate a ssh key in your workstation
```bash
$ ssh-keygen -t rsa
```

### 2. Look at the [Aliases](development/setup/aliases) section

### 3. Connect via ssh to each of the PCs by using `cob1`, `cob2`, `cob3`

### 4. Create _authorized\_keys_-files
Execute in each of the PCs the following code in order to create the _authorized\_keys_-file at the right place.
```bash
$ touch ~/.ssh/authorized_keys
```

### 5. Copy the public part of your ssh key into authorized_keys-files of each PC

Being in the terminal of your workstation execute the following lines of code (**Note: _username_ needs to be replaced by your own username**).
After each line you will need to enter your individual password one last time.

```bash
$ scp ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub username@cob3-1-pc1:~/.ssh/authorized_keys

$ scp ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub username@cob3-1-pc2:~/.ssh/authorized_keys

$ scp ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub username@cob3-1-pc3:~/.ssh/authorized_keys
```

### 6. Copy the public part of each PC (`cob1`, `cob2` and `cob3`) to the other PCs.
From the workstation connect to PC1 by executing the alias `cob1` and execute the following commands to copy the public part of the ssh-key of PC1 to PC2 and PC3:
```bash
$ ssh-copy-id username@cob3-1-pc2

$ ssh-copy-id username@cob3-1-pc3
```
Switch to PC2 using the alias `cob2` and execute the equivalent commands there:
```bash
$ ssh-copy-id username@cob3-1-pc1

$ ssh-copy-id username@cob3-1-pc3
```
Switch to the last remaining PC using the alias `cob3` and also here copy the public part of the ssh-key to the other PCs:
```bash
$ ssh-copy-id username@cob3-1-pc1

$ ssh-copy-id username@cob3-1-pc2
```
Once all the steps are done you should be able to switch between the PCs by just using `cob1`, `cob2`, `cob3`. The password is then not needed anymore.

# See also
* [Aliases](development/setup/aliases)
