development/setup/getting-started.md, before:

# Getting started

## Install Ubuntu
The repository and its related components have been tested under the following Ubuntu distributions:

- ROS Indigo: Ubuntu 14.04

If you do not have a Ubuntu distribution on your computer you can download it here

     http://www.ubuntu.com/download

## Git - Version Control
### Install Git Software
Install the Git core components and some additional GUI's for the version control:

     sudo apt-get install git-core gitg gitk

### Set Up Git
Now it's time to configure your settings. To do this you need to open a new Terminal. First you need to tell git your name, so that it can properly label the commits you make:

     git config --global user.name "Your Name Here"

Git also saves your email address into the commits you make.

     git config --global user.email "your-email@youremail.com"


### GIT Tutorial
If you have never worked with git before, we recommend to go through the following basic git tutorial:

     http://excess.org/article/2008/07/ogre-git-tutorial/


## ROS - Robot Operating System
### Install ROS
The repository has been tested successfully with the following ROS distributions. Use the link behind a ROS distribution to get to the particular ROS installation instructions.


- ROS Indigo - http://wiki.ros.org/indigo/Installation/Ubuntu

NOTE: Do not forget to update your .bashrc!


### ROS Tutorials
If you have never worked with ROS before, we recommend to go through the beginner tutorials provided by ROS:

     http://wiki.ros.org/ROS/Tutorials

In order to understand at least the different core components of ROS, you have to start from tutorial 1 ("Installing and Configuring Your ROS Environment") till tutorial 7 ("Understanding ROS Services and Parameters").


### Set up a catkin workspace

    source /opt/ros/indigo/setup.bash
    mkdir -p ~/indigo/src; cd ~/indigo/src
    catkin_init_workspace
    catkin build

# See also
* [Running MAS Software](/development/setup/running-mas-software)
* [Settung up aliases](/development/setup/aliases)
* [Recommended tools](/development/toolkit/tools)

Commit message:

Add instructions to add ssh to gitgate

development/setup/getting-started.md, after:

# Getting started

## Install Ubuntu
The repository and its related components have been tested under the following Ubuntu distributions:

- ROS Indigo: Ubuntu 14.04

If you do not have a Ubuntu distribution on your computer you can download it here

     http://www.ubuntu.com/download

## Git - Version Control
### Install Git Software
Install the Git core components and some additional GUI's for the version control:

     sudo apt-get install git-core gitg gitk

### Set Up Git
Now it's time to configure your settings. To do this you need to open a new Terminal. First you need to tell git your name, so that it can properly label the commits you make:

     git config --global user.name "Your Name Here"

Git also saves your email address into the commits you make.

     git config --global user.email "your-email@youremail.com"

### Add your ssh key to gitgate
You can follow Gitlab's documentation on ssh [here](https://docs.gitlab.com/ce/ssh/README.html). Make sure that you are following the instructions for Linux.

### GIT Tutorial
If you have never worked with git before, we recommend to go through the following basic git tutorial:

     http://excess.org/article/2008/07/ogre-git-tutorial/


## ROS - Robot Operating System
### Install ROS
The repository has been tested successfully with the following ROS distributions. Use the link behind a ROS distribution to get to the particular ROS installation instructions.


- ROS Indigo - http://wiki.ros.org/indigo/Installation/Ubuntu

NOTE: Do not forget to update your .bashrc!


### ROS Tutorials
If you have never worked with ROS before, we recommend to go through the beginner tutorials provided by ROS:

     http://wiki.ros.org/ROS/Tutorials

In order to understand at least the different core components of ROS, you have to start from tutorial 1 ("Installing and Configuring Your ROS Environment") till tutorial 7 ("Understanding ROS Services and Parameters").


### Set up a catkin workspace

    source /opt/ros/indigo/setup.bash
    mkdir -p ~/indigo/src; cd ~/indigo/src
    catkin_init_workspace
    catkin build

# See also
* [Running MAS Software](/development/setup/running-mas-software)
* [Settung up aliases](/development/setup/aliases)
* [Recommended tools](/development/toolkit/tools)
