domains/navigation/mapping-athome.md, before:

## Mapping


### Bringup the robot

2. Run roscore:

  ```bash
  roscore
  ```
4. Run rviz:
  ```bash
  rosrun rviz rviz
  ```
  Set the global frame to `base_link`.

#### In simulation

1. Launch the robot:
  ```
  roslaunch mdr_bringup_sim robot.launch
  ```

#### Using the real robot
1. Make sure you have initialized Jenny (see [here](working-on-jenny) for more details).
1. Export Jenny's ssh alias:

  ```
  export_cob1
  ```
  To shh the Jenny (PC1) run the following in all terminals:
  ```
  cob1
  ```
3. Launch the robot:
  ```
  roslaunch mdr_bringup robot.launch
  ```


#### Launch SLAM
##### Building the map
1. Launch the SLAM node:
  ```
  roslaunch mdr_2dslam 2dslam.launch```

  Note: the map is built using the front laser's only.

2. Move the robot around either by using the joystick or by teleoperation.  

##### To save the map
Maps are stored in `~/catkin_ws/src/mas_common_robotics/mcr_environments/mcr_default_env_config`. An environment, such as `brsu-C025` or `brsu-C069`, is a folder in this directory. Within this folder, the maps, goals and parameters are stored.  

  1. To go to the folder where we will save the map you can run:  
  ```
  roscd mcr_default_env_config
  ```

  By using `ls` you can see several folders corresponding to existing environments.


  2. Before running the `map_saver`, you need to be located in the environment folder. You can either overwrite an existing map by using `cd` or you can create a new one:

  ```bash
  mkdir [map_name] && cd [map_name]
  ```
  For example:
  ```
  mkdir new_map && cd new_map
  ```

  3. Finally, to save the map, just run:  
  ```
  rosrun map_server map_saver```

  This will create two files: a `map.pgm` and `map.yml`.

Finally, to use the map that you just created you need to check which map will be loaded by the navigation stack:  
  ```bash
  echo $ROBOT_ENV
  ```
If you need to change it:  
  ```bash
  export ROBOT_ENV=[map_name]
  ```

Note: Usually the `.rosc` script is used to set the environment, among other variables.

Commit message:

Updated athome navigation and mapping instructions

domains/navigation/mapping-athome.md, after:

## Mapping
Note: When using Jenny, mapping is run on `cob1`

### Bringup the robot

2. Run roscore:

  ```bash
  roscore
  ```
4. Run rviz:
  ```bash
  rosrun rviz rviz
  ```
  Set the global frame to `base_link`.

#### In simulation

1. Launch the robot:
  ```
  roslaunch mdr_bringup_sim robot.launch
  ```

#### Using the real robot
1. Make sure you have initialized Jenny (see [here](working-on-jenny) for more details).
1. Export Jenny's ssh alias:

  ```
  export_cob1
  ```
  To shh the Jenny (PC1) run the following in all terminals:
  ```
  cob1
  ```
3. Launch the robot:
  ```
  roslaunch mdr_bringup robot.launch
  ```


#### Launch SLAM
##### Building the map
1. Launch the SLAM node:
  ```
  roslaunch mdr_2dslam 2dslam.launch```

  Note: the map is built using the front laser's only.

2. Move the robot around either by using the joystick or by teleoperation.  

##### To save the map
Maps are stored in `~/catkin_ws/src/mas_common_robotics/mcr_environments/mcr_default_env_config`. An environment, such as `brsu-C025` or `brsu-C069`, is a folder in this directory. Within this folder, the maps, goals and parameters are stored.  

  1. To go to the folder where we will save the map you can run:  
  ```
  roscd mcr_default_env_config
  ```

  By using `ls` you can see several folders corresponding to existing environments.


  2. Before running the `map_saver`, you need to be located in the environment folder. You can either overwrite an existing map by using `cd` or you can create a new one:

  ```bash
  mkdir [map_name] && cd [map_name]
  ```
  For example:
  ```
  mkdir new_map && cd new_map
  ```

  3. Finally, to save the map, just run:  
  ```
  rosrun map_server map_saver```

  This will create two files: a `map.pgm` and `map.yml`.

Finally, to use the map that you just created you need to check which map will be loaded by the navigation stack:  
  ```bash
  echo $ROBOT_ENV
  ```
If you need to change it:  
  ```bash
  export ROBOT_ENV=[map_name]
  ```

Note: Usually the `.rosc` script is used to set the environment, among other variables.
